[Merged by Bors] - chore: create a `Basic` top folder (#39703)
leanprover-community/mathlib4: Mathlib/Data/README.md

Reviewer: `@reviewer`: Here is the vision for the new folder. If unclear or incomplete, this README should be extended

Reviewer: (there are also READMEs for [`Logic`](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib4/pull/39703/changes/BASE..893539513dffe9dc877d6199e61576a773b6be4b#diff-4b8be63acb70a9428e5a97c66827dab3f0cc7b4cd9752d38754c966073b1c232) and [`Basic`](https://github.com/leanprover-community/mathlib4/pull/39703/changes/BASE..893539513dffe9dc877d6199e61576a773b6be4b#diff-4db9c70c8151725787415d919193f76d5b405de7a83dbaada24f06ce210af2a9))

# Data structures

This folder contains results about data structures such as `List`, `Bool` or `Option`.
In an ideal world, this folder wouldn't exist as its content could reasonably be upstreamed

> to either Core or Batteries.

Reviewer 2: I don't think I agree with this sentence. I think that there is a small set of data structures which are only relevant for mathlib and hence not suitable for inclusion in core or batteries. I think the differentiation should be more about the material appearing in this folder being supporting material for making mathlib possible, but not really mathematics itself.

Author: My opinion would be for this material to be in `Basic` instead, otherwise we might end up with `Data.List` for the basic `List` material that's "not mathematics" and `Basic.List` for the one that is (leading to bikesheddy discussions on what is mathematics and what is not, etc...). Would you be happy with that?

Reviewer 2: I'm happy with this, modulo two remarks:

- The readme(s) should make it clear that it is possible for material about `List` to live in `Basic` in this situation.
- If we are going to phrase it like this, it should be understood that (a) placing the material in this folder is an explicit invitiation for this material to be upstreamed by Core or Batteries, but (b) the maintainers of Core and Batteries do not have to accept this invitation.

# Data structures

This folder contains definitions and results about data structures
such as `List`, `Bool` or `Option` that could reasonably be upstreamed to either Core or Batteries.

Other definitions and results that are more "mathematics-flavored" but do not clearly belong
to a specific mathematical domain should instead go in `Basic`.

Note that, although the possibility of upstreaming is the defining property of this folder,

> the maintainer of Core and Batteries can refuse the upstreaming of material from this folder

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the maintainers of Core and Batteries may refuse the upstreaming of material from this folder
```
